# Introduction to Angular
Welcome to the Introduction to Angular repository! This repository serves as a starting point for learning Angular, a powerful platform for building web applications. Whether you are new to web development or looking to expand your skills, this guide will help you get started with Angular.

## What is Angular?
Angular is a popular open-source framework developed and maintained by Google. It is used for building dynamic web applications. Angular combines declarative templates, dependency injection, end-to-end tooling, and integrated best practices to solve development challenges and streamline the process of building complex web applications.

## Getting Started
To get started with Angular, follow these steps:

## Installation: Ensure you have Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) installed on your machine. You can install Angular CLI (Command Line Interface) globally using npm:
npm install -g @angular/cli

## Create a new Angular project: Use Angular CLI to create a new project:
ng new my-angular-app
cd my-angular-app

## Run the application: Once the project is created, you can serve the application locally:
ng serve
Navigate to http://localhost:4200/ in your web browser to see your Angular application running.

## Explore and Learn: Start exploring the project structure, learn about Angular components, modules, services, routing, and more by diving into the code generated by Angular CLI.

# AngularFullCourse

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

